_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About"
excerpt: "Nick LaFarge's personal website"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hi! I'm Nicholas (Nick) LaFarge. I am currently a PhD candidate in the [Multi-Body Dynamics Research Group](https://engineering.purdue.edu/people/kathleen.howell.1/index.html) at [Purdue University](https://engineering.purdue.edu/AAE) under Professor Kathleen Howell. I'm interested in the intersection of astrodynamics, numerical methods, and software engineering, and am currently performing research in leveraging reinforcement learning techniques to enable low-thrust guidance and control autonomy within cislunar space.


Graduate research
-------------------------
I currently pursue research in applying reinforcement learning to onboard guidance and control in multi-body dynamical regimes. I am particularly interested in autonomous systems, and understanding where neural networks fit into safety-critical GN&C architectures. Some of my other research interests include multi-body dynamics trajectory design, machine learning, and developing software tools for spaceflight applications.


My background
------------------
I received a BA in Mathematics and Japanese from the University of Colorado Boulder in 2014, with a minor in Computer Science. Upon graduating with my bachelors, I spent several years as a software engineer, building both Python tools for data analytics research and various Android applications, including spending 2.5 years as the sole developer of the [OpenSnow](https://opensnow.com/) Android application. I eventually found my way toward the intersection of my many interests by studying astrodynamics at Purdue, pursuing both an MS and PhD in the [Multi-Body Dynamics Research Group](https://engineering.purdue.edu/people/kathleen.howell.1/index.html). In 2017 I participated in an internship at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, working on [an interactive tool](https://trs.jpl.nasa.gov/handle/2014/48313) for computing multi-body orbit connections in MONTE. Starting in 2018, I became a [Graduate Pathways Co-Op](https://www.nasa.gov/feature/jsc-pathways-program/) at NASA Johnson Space Center, and have completed three work rotations focusing on automated onboard GN&C processes for Orion including trajectory targeting and relative navigation for rendezvous, proximity operations, and docking. Since 2019 I have pursued a PhD under a [NASA Space Technology Research Fellowship (NSTRF/NSTGRO)](https://www.nasa.gov/directorates/spacetech/strg/nstgro), including three 10-12 week visiting technologist experiences with the [Navigation and Mission Design Branch](https://etd.gsfc.nasa.gov/590/code595.php) at NASA Goddard Space Flight Center.

Commit message:

added animation to home page

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About"
excerpt: "Nick LaFarge's personal website"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Hi! I'm Nicholas (Nick) LaFarge. I am currently a PhD candidate in the [Multi-Body Dynamics Research Group](https://engineering.purdue.edu/people/kathleen.howell.1/index.html) at [Purdue University](https://engineering.purdue.edu/AAE) under Professor Kathleen Howell. I'm interested in the intersection of astrodynamics, numerical methods, and software engineering, and am currently performing research in leveraging reinforcement learning techniques to enable low-thrust guidance and control autonomy within cislunar space.



Graduate research
-------------------------
I currently pursue research in applying reifnnicokrcement learning to onboard guidance and control in multi-body dynamical regimes. I am particularly interested in autonomous systems, and understanding where neural networks fit into safety-critical GN&C architectures. Some of my other research interests include multi-body dynamics trajectory design, machine learning, and developing software tools for spaceflight applications.

Here is a fun animation - from my upcoming paper at the [International Astronautical Congress (IAC)](https://iac2022.org/) - that shows a neural network generating recovery maneuver plans to return a low-thrust spacecraft to a baseline Earth-Moon 9:2 NRHO.

![Neural Network Animation]({{ site.baseurl }}/files/IAC_recovery_animation.gif)



My background
------------------
I received a BA in Mathematics and Japanese from the University of Colorado Boulder in 2014, with a minor in Computer Science. Upon graduating with my bachelors, I spent several years as a software engineer, building both Python tools for data analytics research and various Android applications, including spending 2.5 years as the sole developer of the [OpenSnow](https://opensnow.com/) Android application. I eventually found my way toward the intersection of my many interests by studying astrodynamics at Purdue, pursuing both an MS and PhD in the [Multi-Body Dynamics Research Group](https://engineering.purdue.edu/people/kathleen.howell.1/index.html). In 2017 I participated in an internship at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, working on [an interactive tool](https://trs.jpl.nasa.gov/handle/2014/48313) for computing multi-body orbit connections in MONTE. Starting in 2018, I became a [Graduate Pathways Co-Op](https://www.nasa.gov/feature/jsc-pathways-program/) at NASA Johnson Space Center, and have completed three work rotations focusing on automated onboard GN&C processes for Orion including trajectory targeting and relative navigation for rendezvous, proximity operations, and docking. Since 2019 I have pursued a PhD under a [NASA Space Technology Research Fellowship (NSTRF/NSTGRO)](https://www.nasa.gov/directorates/spacetech/strg/nstgro), including three 10-12 week visiting technologist experiences with the [Navigation and Mission Design Branch](https://etd.gsfc.nasa.gov/590/code595.php) at NASA Goddard Space Flight Center.
