_pages/publications.md, before:

---
layout: archive
title: "Research"
permalink: /publications/
author_profile: true
---

I keep both [ResearchGate](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Nicholas-Lafarge) and [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=ZxSQHyQAAAAJ) up to date for research publications.


### Journal Publications
  - **LaFarge, N. B.**, Howell, K. C., and Folta, D. C., "Adaptive Closed-Loop Maneuver Planning for Low-Thrust Spacecraft using Reinforcement Learning," *Acta Astronautica*, Vol. 211, Oct. 2023, pg. 142 - 154, DOI: [http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.actaastro.2023.06.004](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.actaastro.2023.06.004)
  - **LaFarge, N. B.**, Miller, D., Howell, K. C., and Linares, R., "Autonomous Closed-Loop Guidance Using Reinforcement Learning in a Low-Thrust, Multi-Body Dynamical Environment," *Acta Astronautica*, Vol. 186, Sep. 2021, pg. 1 - 23, DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1016/j.actaastro.2021.05.014](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.actaastro.2021.05.014)

### Conference Publications
  - **LaFarge, N. B.**, Howell, K. C., and Folta, D. C., "[Adaptive Closed-Loop Maneuver Planning for Low-Thrust Spacecraft using Reinforcement Learning](https://engineering.purdue.edu/people/kathleen.howell.1/Publications/Conferences/2022_IAC_LafHowFol.pdf)", *73rd International Astronautical Congress*, Paris, France, September 18 - 22, 2022.
  - **LaFarge, N. B.**, Howell, K. C., and Folta, D. C., "[An Autonomous Stationkeeping Strategy for Multi-Body Orbits Leveraging Reinforcement Learning](https://engineering.purdue.edu/people/kathleen.howell.1/Publications/Conferences/2022_AIAA_LafHowFol.pdf)", *AIAA SciTech Forum*, San Diego, California, January 3 - 7, 2022.
  - **LaFarge, N. B.**, Howell, K. C., and Linares, R., "[A Hybrid Closed-Loop Guidance Strategy for Low-Thrust Spacecraft Enabled by Neural Networks](https://engineering.purdue.edu/people/kathleen.howell.1/Publications/Conferences/2021_AAS_LaFHowLin.pdf)", *31st AAS/AIAA Spaceflight Mechanics Meeting*, Charlotte, North Carolina (Virtual), February 1 - 3, 2021.
  - **LaFarge, N. B.**, Miller, D., Howell, K. C., and Linares, R., "[Guidance for Closed-Loop Transfers using Reinforcement Learning with Application to Libration Point Orbits](https://engineering.purdue.edu/people/kathleen.howell.1/Publications/Conferences/2020_AIAA_LafMilHowLin.pdf)", *AIAA SciTech Forum*, Orlando, Florida, January 6 - 10, 2020.

### Theses
  - **LaFarge, N. B.**, [Reinforcement Learning Approaches for Autonomous Guidance and Control in a Low-Thrust, Multi-Body Dynamical Environment](https://engineering.purdue.edu/people/kathleen.howell.1/Publications/dissertations/2023_LaFarge.pdf), Ph.D. Dissertation, Purdue University, 2023.
  - **LaFarge, N. B.**, [Autonomous Guidance for Multi-Body Orbit Transfers Using Reinforcement Learning](https://engineering.purdue.edu/people/kathleen.howell.1/Publications/masters/2020_Lafarge.pdf), M.S. Thesis, Purdue University, 2020.

Commit message:

Fix link and add conference paper

_pages/publications.md, after:

---
layout: archive
title: "Research"
permalink: /publications/
author_profile: true
---

I keep both [ResearchGate](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Nicholas-Lafarge) and [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=ZxSQHyQAAAAJ) up to date for research publications.


### Journal Publications
  - **LaFarge, N. B.**, Howell, K. C., and Folta, D. C., "Adaptive Closed-Loop Maneuver Planning for Low-Thrust Spacecraft using Reinforcement Learning," *Acta Astronautica*, Vol. 211, Oct. 2023, pg. 142 - 154, DOI: [http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.actaastro.2023.06.004](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.actaastro.2023.06.004)
  - **LaFarge, N. B.**, Miller, D., Howell, K. C., and Linares, R., "Autonomous Closed-Loop Guidance Using Reinforcement Learning in a Low-Thrust, Multi-Body Dynamical Environment," *Acta Astronautica*, Vol. 186, Sep. 2021, pg. 1 - 23, DOI: [https://doi.org/10.1016/j.actaastro.2021.05.014](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.actaastro.2021.05.014)

### Conference Publications
  - Ojeda Romero, J., Schlei, W., Whipps, G., **LaFarge, N. B.**, Fritsch, G., Phillips, S., "[An Adaptive Approach to the Initial Orbit Determination Problem in the Cislunar Regime Using Machine Learning](https://amostech.com/TechnicalPapers/2024/Cislunar_SDA/Ojeda-Romero.pdf)", *2024 Advanced Maui Optical and Space Surveillance Technologies (AMOS) Conference*, Maui, Hawaii, September 17 - 20, 2024.
  - **LaFarge, N. B.**, Howell, K. C., and Folta, D. C., "[Adaptive Closed-Loop Maneuver Planning for Low-Thrust Spacecraft using Reinforcement Learning](https://engineering.purdue.edu/people/kathleen.howell.1/Publications/Conferences/2022_IAC_LafHowFol.pdf)", *73rd International Astronautical Congress*, Paris, France, September 18 - 22, 2022.
  - **LaFarge, N. B.**, Howell, K. C., and Folta, D. C., "[An Autonomous Stationkeeping Strategy for Multi-Body Orbits Leveraging Reinforcement Learning](https://engineering.purdue.edu/people/kathleen.howell.1/Publications/Conferences/2022_AIAA_LafHowFol.pdf)", *AIAA SciTech Forum*, San Diego, California, January 3 - 7, 2022.
  - **LaFarge, N. B.**, Howell, K. C., and Linares, R., "[A Hybrid Closed-Loop Guidance Strategy for Low-Thrust Spacecraft Enabled by Neural Networks](https://engineering.purdue.edu/people/kathleen.howell.1/Publications/Conferences/2021_AAS_LaFHowLin.pdf)", *31st AAS/AIAA Spaceflight Mechanics Meeting*, Charlotte, North Carolina (Virtual), February 1 - 3, 2021.
  - **LaFarge, N. B.**, Miller, D., Howell, K. C., and Linares, R., "[Guidance for Closed-Loop Transfers using Reinforcement Learning with Application to Libration Point Orbits](https://engineering.purdue.edu/people/kathleen.howell.1/Publications/Conferences/2020_AIAA_LafMilHowLin.pdf)", *AIAA SciTech Forum*, Orlando, Florida, January 6 - 10, 2020.

### Theses
  - **LaFarge, N. B.**, [Reinforcement Learning Approaches for Autonomous Guidance and Control in a Low-Thrust, Multi-Body Dynamical Environment](https://engineering.purdue.edu/people/kathleen.howell.1/Publications/dissertations/2023_LaFarge.pdf), Ph.D. Dissertation, Purdue University, 2023.
  - **LaFarge, N. B.**, [Autonomous Guidance for Multi-Body Orbit Transfers Using Reinforcement Learning](https://engineering.purdue.edu/people/kathleen.howell.1/Publications/masters/2020_Lafarge.pdf), M.S. Thesis, Purdue University, 2020.
